DropDownBox: add a Getting Started tutorial (#4159)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DropDownBox/00 Getting Started with DropDownBox/10 Add an Embedded Element.md

You can add any element in a DropDownBox content field. This tutorial uses the [List](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Getting_Started_with_List/) component as an embedded element. To see how to use other components, such as [DataGrid](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Getting_Started_with_DataGrid/) or [TreeView](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeView/Getting_Started_with_TreeView/), refer to the following demo: [DropDownBox: Single Selection](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DropDownBox/SingleSelection/Angular/Light/)

> Use the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#contentTemplate) function or specify content inside the DropDownBox markup, depending on the framework.

Reviewer: A good practice is to use more precise words rather than more general words. For example, "call" or "invoke" instead of "use" for a method.

```suggestion
Call the [contentTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#contentTemplate) function or specify content inside the DropDownBox markup, depending on the target framework.
```

> The following code adds the List component, [binds it to data](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#dataSource), enables [item deleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#allowItemDeleting) and [forbids users to delete](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#onItemDeleting) the last item. Additionally, the code gets the List's [instance](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Methods/#instance).

Reviewer: > enables item deleting

This is Runglish. This is no-go. Full stop. Please never use this pattern.

```suggestion
The following code adds the List component, [binds it to data](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#dataSource), enables the [item deletion functionality](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#allowItemDeleting) and [prevents users from deleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#onItemDeleting) the last item. Additionally, the code gets the List's [instance](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Methods/#instance).
```
